{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1: Enter \'93.\'94 at end of each alert message.\
2: Provide \'93Delete\'94 project functionality from admin side.(Do no need edit).\
3: Message should be proper when already email is assign with some one account then second time it should be said that \'93Email address is already used with some other account.\'94\
4: while adding user this fields keeps not mandatory. Ex: address 1, address 2, country, city, zip code.\
5: Please correct \'93Phone Number\'94 place holder text. right now it is  \'93Phone Numver\'94.\
6:  Also provide way so the client testimonial can be delete by admin as well. while admin logged In.\
7: Add paging in \'93Delete User\'94 section.\
8: Home screen images seems to be starched. please make it aspect fill.\
9: In \'93More \'85\'94 page of project listing, Pagination should be there each page will display 12 project LIFO manner.\
10: \'93VIdeo\'94 tab is not selectable in home screen. it should be selectable.\
11: We can show address fields in each individual user account. so normal user can update as and when needed. just give it in edit mode.\
12: Next- Privies button should only available if there is next or previous items.\
13: Contact Form is not working. means \'93Send Message\'94.}